Add basic authn to audit log API (#1096)
wandb/docs: content/guides/hosting/monitoring-usage/audit-logging.md

    - `anonymize`: if set to `true`, remove any PII; defaults to `false`
2. Execute HTTP GET request on the constructed full API endpoint, either by directly running it within a modern browser, or by using a tool like [Postman](https://www.postman.com/downloads/), [HTTPie](https://httpie.io/), cURL command or more.

> The audit logs API is accessible by instance or organization admins using basic authentication with their API key. With basic authentication, send the HTTP request with the `Authorization` header that contains the word `Basic` followed by a space and a base64-encoded string for `username:password` where `password` is your API key. For example, to authorize as `demo:p@55w0rd`, the header should be `Authorization: Basic ZGVtbzpwQDU1dzByZA==`.

Author: This was copied and adapted from the SCIM API example here: https://github.com/wandb/docs/blob/2f9fa2c642aec608c4e929ce8a56e34258df6870/content/guides/hosting/iam/scim.md?plain=1#L18-L20

> The audit logs API is accessible by instance or organization admins using basic authentication with their API key. With basic authentication, send the HTTP request with the `Authorization` header that contains the word `Basic` followed by a space and a base64-encoded string for `username:password` where `password` is your API key. For example, to authorize as `demo:p@55w0rd`, the header should be `Authorization: Basic ZGVtbzpwQDU1dzByZA==`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An organization or instance admin can use basic authentication with their API key to access the audit logs API. Set the HTTP request's `Authorization` header to the string `Basic` followed by a space, then the base-64 encoded string in the format `username:API-KEY`. In other words, replace the username and API key with your values separated with a `:` character, then base-64-encode the result. For example, to authorize as `demo:p@55w0rd`, the header should be `Authorization: Basic ZGVtbzpwQDU1dzByZA==`.
```
What do you think about this edit? If you like it, maybe replace the SCIM paragraph at the same time?

Author: thanks, updated!
